Add companion git page steps to manual update (#93)
bluerobotics/ardusub-gitbook: operators-manual/companion-web.md

<img src="/images/git.png" class="img-responsive img-center" style="max-width:750px" />

#### Manual updates

> > <span style="color:red">This can result in an unstable behaviour.</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <span style="color:red">This feature is for development + testing only. This feature can result in unstable behavior or an unusable system. You should only use this if directed during technical support or beta testing.</span>
```

Steps to manual update:

> 1. Fetch the last changes of the remote repository.

Reviewer: 1. make sure you have internet access at https://192.168.2.2:2770/network
1. go to http://192.168.2.2:2770/git
1. click the large black text of the remote you want ex `origin`
1. click 'tags' or 'branches' to display available refs
1. click the ref you want to update to, it will be highlighted yellow when selected
1. click 'update' and wait for the update to complete by monitoring the output in the text area

<img src="/images/git.png" class="img-responsive img-center" style="max-width:750px" />

#### Manual updates

> <span style="color:red">This feature is for development and testing only. It can result in unstable behavior or an unusable system. You should only use this if directed during technical support or beta testing.</span>

Before continuing, make sure that you have [internet access](https://192.168.2.2:2770/network).

> Steps to manual update via [git webpage](http://192.168.2.2:2770/git):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Steps to manually update via the [Git page](http://192.168.2.2:2770/git):
```
